[INST] Provide terraform code containing an aws s3 bucket named "my_bucket", the 'bucket' attribute must be set to "my_bucket_name". [/INST]

terraform {
  # This is the AWS access key ID
  # variable "aws_access_key" {
  #   type = "string"
  #   default = ""
  # }

  # This is the AWS secret key
  # variable "aws_secret_key" {
  #   type = "string"
  #   default = ""
  # }

  # This is the bucket name
  # variable "bucket" {
  #   type = "string"
  #   default = ""
  # }

  # This is the bucket region
  # variable "region" {
  #   type = "string"
  #   default = ""
  # }
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_name" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket region
variable "region" {
  type = "string"
}

# This is the bucket name
variable "bucket_